you
whenever realm dressed cool parents put
up a fight uh-huh uh-huh nearby my
hotshot long cut my hair at night here
in the morning I'm short of my identity
haha a scream mom and dad I can tell me
who wanna be to be I just want me myself
a your love we who I
I want you to know I am my head
I've had enough this is my
this is my
this is my prayer
Oh
I'm just here fantastic on the streets
what I swear
please my head
oh my my
ah
I just wanna be free I just wanna be me
then I wore lots of friends that invite
me to their parties and don't what a
change oh I'll be ashamed on the spirit
of my hair saw the glowing
oh my
Oh
I'm
oh I'll does justice freeze my hair I
love this isn't fair that I'll die
levels just freeze my hair
just here bicycle streets
another
I
welcome to the show absolutely well it's
lovely to see you again hey Leah so
happy to be here I love Paul O'Grady so
much she's my queen there you go it's
been three long years since we last met
and so much has changed I've got more
wrinkles and you've dominated the world
yeah yeah born this way is the fastest
selling album it's incredible I just
can't believe that it's such a dream
come true and I was so nervous before I
put the record out I just wanted to make
my fans so happy and I wanted